hello, I'm jeremy boyce teacher, I'm
here at the federal university of mining and
I would like to talk to you today
about some events related to the
formation of the human heart she has
here before me a model in which the
anatomical model in which to present the
adult heart can when analyzing
this model observes that the heart is
located in the middle of the rib cage
flanked by both lungs will open
here to be able to see below the heart
here we have the presence of the diaphragm or
withdraw so we can access the
heart
I'm going to remove my heart from here.
the thick gauges vessel arrives at
heart is the heart is and ricardo by
blood that comes from the superior vena cava that
will give the blood that comes from the head and
neck and the inferior vena cava that
will take the heart blood that is
from the bottom of the body
blood will come out of the heart because of
artery and large caliber
the largest diameter area of ​​the Roman goal
It's time to take a look at the
heart observing the heart's interior
we can see that it is formed by four
cameras one two three four
the two above are actress to the right
the left trio and the bottom two are
the right and left ventricles
we can see that this region here
The left region is thicker because
here with the blood is must be propelled
from here for the best
whole body and here is an area of
receiving blood and is through the
What blood will it be to take only to
the lungs through the arteries here
coronary
In addition, the presence of a
series of studies
that prevent the backflow of
blood and controls the
to specific locations
for example here we have the back
called tricuspid she saves
tricuspid she will control the passage
blood from the right atrium to the
Right ventricle on the side of here
on the left side the mitral valve that
controls the passage of blood from the atrium
left into the left ventricle and the
subsequently forwarded via the
to discharge the rest of the organism
we have still here valve is present in the
aorta valvar the optic and another valve
here in the region by Mona Valva
pulmonary valve